===== PAGE 1 =====
Cheat Sheet: Building Apps with RAG
Estimated Reading Time: 5 minutes
Gradio is an open-source Python package that allows for the quick building of an application interface. No JavaScript, CSS, or web hosting experience is required!
Interface class core arguments
Gradio's Interface class wraps any arbitrary Python function. The interface class has the following three core arguments:
TermDefinition
Fn Fn is the function to wrap. Each function parameter represents an input component, and the function's output should be either a single value or a tuple. Eachelement within the tuple corresponds directly to a specific output component.
inputsThe Gradio component(s) to use for the inputs of the function. The number of inputs should match the number of arguments in the function.
outputsOutputs are the Gradio component(s) to use for the outputs of the function.
Common input types
Term Definition
checkboxA checkbox that can be set to True or False only.
checkboxGroupAn input type that allows users to select multiple values from a predefined checkbox list.
dropdownAn input type that provides a dropdown list where, by default, one value can be selected. If multiselect is set to True, then one or more values can beselected.
file An input type that allows a user to upload a file.
image An input type that allows the user to select or upload an image.
radio An input type that forces the user to choose one value.
slider An input type that provides a slider where a value must be selected between a minimum and a maximum range. The value parameter defines thedefault value, and step provides the increment value. Setting the minimum, maximum, and step values to integers will select integer values.
textbox An expandible text box that allows the user to type in text.
Common output types
TermDefinition
textboxAn expandible text box that allows the user to type in text.
labelA type typically used for classification models. Can output the classes along with their predicted probabilities. You can control the number of output classesusing the num_top_classes parameter.
Launching the application
Use the launch() method to launch the application. This method starts a simple web server that serves the interface. If you set share=True in launch(), you can share theapplication with the rest of the world. The system will set up a public URL allowing anyone worldwide to access your application. Users can interact with your appthrough this URL, while all computations run on your local machine.
Author
Wojciech "Victor" Fulmyk
